Improve tuning by skipping the first samples + add new experimental tuning method (#5004)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- The `OrderedMultinomial` distribution has been added for use on ordinal data which are _aggregated_ by trial, like multinomial observations, whereas `OrderedLogistic` only accepts ordinal data in a _disaggregated_ format, like categorical
  observations (see [#4773](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/4773)).
- The `Polya-Gamma` distribution has been added (see [#4531](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/4531)). To make use of this distribution, the [`polyagamma>=1.3.1`](https://pypi.org/project/polyagamma/) library must be installed and available in the user's environment.

> - A small change to the default mass matrix tuning method jitter+adapt_diag improves performance early on during tuning for some models. [#5004](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/5004)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A small change to the default mass matrix tuning methods using adapt_diag improves performance early on during tuning for some models. [#5004](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/5004)
```
